Release note: limit Get methods to 100 results for Admin API (#4379)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/03-Oct-2023/api-v2v3-limit.md

---
title: "API results limited to `100`"
id: apiv3-limit"
description: "Oct 2023: In order to enhance the efficiency and stability of our services, we will limit all API results to `100` records. This limit is applicable to multi-tenant instances only."
sidebar_label: "Update: API results limited to `100`"
sidebar_position: 04
tags: [Oct-2023, API]
---

> Beginning December 1, 2023, the [Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) v2 and v3 will limit all "list" or `GET` API methods to 100 results per API request. This limit enhances the efficiency and stability of our services. You can handle more than 100 results by using the `limit` and `offset` query paramters to paginate those results. Otherwise, exceeding the limit of `100` will cause an error. 

Reviewer: A little unclear on the last part "Otherwise, exceeding the limit of `100` will cause an error. " Should they expect to get an error if they make an API call that returns more than 100 results? The first part of this makes it seem like they'll just get a truncated list of 100 results.

Reviewer 2: Yes, current behavior is we'll return an error (`400`) with a message saying the limit is too large. We decided to implement it this way prevent issues with the usage of pagination with larger limits. For example. if a user were passing `limit=1000`, and paginating forward `1000` items at a time, if we implemented this as a non breaking change, rather than seeing an error they'd end up with a seemingly successful list that's missing 900 items per page

> Beginning December 1, 2023, the [Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) v2 and v3 will limit all "list" or `GET` API methods to 100 results per API request. This limit enhances the efficiency and stability of our services. You can handle more than 100 results by using the `limit` and `offset` query paramters to paginate those results. Otherwise, exceeding the limit of `100` will cause an error. 

Author: ```suggestion
Beginning December 1, 2023, the [Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) v2 and v3 will expect you to limit all "list" or `GET` API methods to 100 results per API request. This limit enhances the efficiency and stability of our services. If you need to handle more than 100 results, then use the `limit` and `offset` query parameters to paginate those results; otherwise, you will receive an error. 
```
